Add contribution instructions (#28)
canonical/real-time-ubuntu-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing to Real-time Ubuntu

Reviewer: I think for now it would be helpful to be clear that this repo is for contributing to docs; not the RTU kernel source.

`# Contributing to Real-time Ubuntu docs`.

> The [Real-time Ubuntu documentation] lives in the `docs/` directory and is deployed on Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ...lives in the `docs/` directory of this repository; you'll need a GitHub account to make contributions.

Author: Isn't that obvious, since the instructions and the source to be edited is on Github?

Reviewer: Hi @farshidtz , please review the newly-added suggestions only. The rest of the previous comments are no longer relevant.

Thanks.

> It is written using the [reStructuredText] format and built using [Sphinx].

Reviewer: It is written in [reStructuredText], built with [Sphinx] , and hosted on Read the Docs.

Author: This is mentioned above.

Reviewer: Hi @farshidtz , this edit is based on the previous suggested change which would have removed the RTD reference.

Reviewer: Hi @farshidtz , please review the newly-added suggestions only. The rest of the previous comments are no longer relevant.

Thanks.

> The documentation should follow the [style guide] in use for documentation at Canonical.

Reviewer: The documentation should follow the [Canonical documentation style guide].

> 

Reviewer: ## Download and install the docs

If you are working with this documentation set for the first time, you'll need to create a fork of the [real-time-ubuntu-docs] repository on your GitHub account, and clone the forked repository.

Author: This is obvious. Adding more text makes the reader (stop reading and) ignore other important information, such as the style guide and make recipes.

Reviewer: Hi @farshidtz , actually I had this exact same question when I first wanted to contribute to another repository.
I think we need to consider new and experienced contributors.
So we signpost the docs (with proper headers / sections) so if it's irrelevant the user just skips to the `make install`  section. But for new users they would understand the workflow (to fork & clone) without having to look elsewhere.

Reviewer: Hi @farshidtz , please review the newly-added suggestions only. The rest of the previous comments are no longer relevant.

Thanks.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fork and download the docs

If you are working with this documentation set for the first time, you'll need to create a fork of the [real-time-ubuntu-docs] repository on your GitHub account, and clone the forked repository.
```

> To install everything you need, go to the `docs/` directory and type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install the docs

To install everything you need, go to the `docs/` directory and run:
```

```shell
make install
```

This will create a virtual environment with all the tooling dedicated to validate and render the documentation.

> To get a live preview and validation of the documentation, you can then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build and serve the docs

To get a live preview to validate the documentation, you can then run:
```

```shell
make run
```

> This will provide a link to a locally rendered version of the documentation that will be updated every time a file is modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will provide a locally rendered version of the documentation at `http://127.0.0.1:8000` that will be updated every time a file is modified.
```

> You can validate your changes with the following recipes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validate the docs

You can validate your changes with the following recipes:
```
